Questions for 4 Years of Experiance 
-------------------------------------------------
AWS EC2 Interview Questions and Answers for Experienced
What are the type of virtualization do we have on AWS Platform?
What are the type of root device?
What are the type of EBS Volumes and the use cases?
What is difference between t2.micro and t3.micro?
Why do we attach IAM role with EC2 machine while creating it?
What is Advantage of IAM role with EC2?
What are the usages of TAGs with EC2 / AWS Resources?
What is T2/T3 unlimited option?
What are the type of Hypervisors in AWS?
How can we recover lost ec2 ssh key?
How to check shared AMIs?

---------------------------------------------------

Complete interview questions bank topic wise: (For 1 to 3 Years of Exp)
----------------------------------------------------

1.EC2

How to create EC2 Instance?
What is AMI?
How to choose right AMI for creating Instance?
How to secure EC2?
How to take automated backups?
How to migrate your instance from one Region to another and one account to another?
How can you recover keys of an EC2 Instance?
If everything seems okay but still you are not able to login to EC2 how will you check it?
How do you choose right type of EC2 instance?

2.EBS
How many types of EBS volumes are there?
How to take backup of a volume?
Can I associate one EBS to more than 1 instance?
What are the conditions if we need to mount EBS to instance?
What is maximum size of EBS Volume?
Where EBS snapshots are stored?

3.S3
What is S3?
How to host a website with S3?
What is the use of multipart upload?
How many S3 buckets can you create in your account?
What is default size of S3 Bucket?

4.VPC
What is VPC?
What is CIDR which VPC supports?
How does VPC peering work?
What is DHCP and DNS options available in VPC?
What is VPC Flow Logs?
Why do we use NACL with VPC?

5.IAM
What is IAM?
What is more secure IAM user OR IAM role?
How to create custom IAM policy?
How do you manage password policy for IAM Users?
What will you do if you want to an IAM user to reset password at next login?
How do you rotate Access key of IAM users?
How do you enable MFA with IAM users?
What are the supported Devices by AWS MFA?
How many rules can I associate with 1 IAM user by default?

6.AUTOSCALING
What is autoscaling group?
How does auto scaling work?
What is end point for autoscaling health check?
How does autoscaling manage traffic flow for ELB?
If I want to launch multiple type of instance with in same target group what will I need to do?
Can I use spot and on-demand instance with autoscaling group?
Can I associate multiple targets group under one autoscaling group?
Can I associate target groups created in different VPCs?

7.ELB
What is ELB in AWS?
What are different types of ELB in AWS?
What is main difference between Application and Network ELB?
How do you select between Application and Network ELB to use for your application?
How do you manage host and path based routing with App ELB?
What rule will you implement if you need to forward all traffic coming form a single application to any specific target group?
Can I forward traffic based on source IP address?
What is provisioned ELB?
How many IP address do we get with ELB?
What happens if ELB goes down?
How many rules can I attach to one ELB?
How many conditions can I attach per rule?

8.CLOUDWATCH
How to you monitor services with Cloud Watch?
What is default metric of Cloud watch?
Can I monitor applications running on EC2 instance?
How can I set alarms with CloudWatch?
Can I monitor resource by CloudWatch in multiple regions?


9.CLOUDTRAIL
What is use of CloudTrail?
Where can I check activities performed by IAM users?
How to track activities of IAM admins?
How can I check that if an EC2 instance is created, who created it?
Can I monitor activity of IAM user of single region or multiple regions?
Where logs are stored for CloudTrail?

10.CLOUDFRONT
What are 2 main components of CloudFront?
What is Origin in CloudFront?
What is the use of distribution setting?
What headers does cloud front cache by default?
How to implement ssl certificate with CloudFront?
How can I generate private url with help of CloudFront?
How do I user WAF and Shield with CloudFront?
What are the protocol does CloudFrom Support?
What type of distribution does CloudFront Support?
How can I clear cache of an object in CloudFront?
Can I terminate HTTP to HTTPS using CloudFront?

11.LAMBDA
What is Lambda?
How do you use lambda in your current project?
How can you schedule a task using lambda?
How will you write a lambda function to stop and start EC2 instance?
Can we get notification with Lambda if an object is missed in S3 bucket?
How can lambda help in cost optimisation?
What are the use-cases where you have used lambda?


12.RDS
What is RDS?
How many DB engine does AWS support?
What are the conditions to enable/create read replica of MYsql DB?
Can I create read replica of a read replica?
How can I restore Data from Automated Created Snapshot?
What type of rules can we have with RDS?
How do you secure RDS?
What are options group?


13.ROUTE53
What is Route53?
How do you host your domain with Route53?
What type of records are supported by Route53?
How many type of zone can we host in Route53?
Can I associate multiple VPCs with single hosted zone?
Can I forward traffic to Internal ELB form Public hosted zone?
Can I use CloudFront as an A record with Route53?


--------------------xxxxxxxxxxxxxx---------------------------------